java cFIN2002SPrinciples of Finance
PART 1:    INTRODUCTIONThis Study Guide is designed to provide you with details of the module FIN2002S – Principles of Finance, the learning outcomes, delivery and assessment arrangements. The Study Guide consists of 6 parts.Part 1   gives background details to the subject area are provided and the broad aims of the module are set out.Part 2   consists of the module outline. In this part the (a) module learning outcomes, (b) the themes and topics to be explored are explained along with the (c) learning supports to be used.Part 3   gives details of the module delivery arrangements. It sets out the session arrangements and the expectations in relation to your prior preparation and student engagement.Part 4   provides details of the assessment techniques used in this module explaining the assessment components, their rationale.Part 5   explains the UCD grading policy and grade descriptors drawing on the university document are given for each assessment component (i) Assignment and (ii) Examination.Part 6   presents the concluding comments.      Accessing Live Zoom ClassesPlease log into Brightspace, go to “FIN2002S-Principles of Finance-2023/24 Summer”, click “My Class”, “Zoom”.   Please always login using your UCD email address and your name. Your name should be visible to the lecturer and other students to facilitate collaboration.Please join your online session no later than five minutes before the advised time of your session.Engagement tools on ZOOMThroughout the online sessions for this module, you will be frequently asked to engage with both your lecturer, and with your fellow students.The lecturer may send you into breakout groups and you discuss some class content in smaller groups before your findings are discussed with the whole class. You may use the “Share Screen” function (if enabled) to show some summary points of the breakout group discussions.If you select “Chat”, a chat window will open and you can communicate with the whole class or with your lecturer. If you would like to send a private message to your lecturer, please select your lecturer’s name instead of everyone.By clicking on “Reactions”, another menu will open. This menu allows you to raise your hand if you have a question or would like to comment. If you see a hand icon in the left upper corner of your screen, your hand is currently raised. You can lower your hand by clicking on this icon a second time. The lecturer can also lower your hand.When you join a Zoom session, you will be muted, and your camera is turned off. But for better engagement in the class, it is advised to keep your camera turned on. Please only unmute yourself if you would like to speak to avoid background noises. You can change your audio and video setting by clicking the small arrow beside the “Unmute” or “Start Video” icon. For more information please see https://buselrn.ucd.ie/student/category/using-zoom/

Background Detailsa.   Background to the Topic This course   provides an introduction to the principles of banking   and finance. It module covers the fundamental basics of finance. The module will address issues such as why corporate finance is important and will introduce the theoretical underpinnings of financial concepts. A comprehensive range of issues including the role of corporate governance and agency theory in finance, how the stock and bond markets function, pricing stocks and bonds, and capital budgeting techniques will be introduced.The topics covered in this module will allow students to   learn about the concepts and theories in finance that would help   investors and business decision-maker代 写FIN2002S Principles of FinanceJava
代做程序编程语言s in making investment and financing   investments as well as knowing how risk can be managed.The knowledge obtained from this course   would be very valuable for one’s to embark on a professional or business career in either the Financial Markets or the different Financial Institutions.b.   Module Aims The aims of this module are to-   enable students to understand the importance of corporate finance and the theoretical underpinnings of financial concepts.-   enable students to understand the valuation of stocks and bonds.-   enable students to understand the role of corporate governance and agency theory in finance.-   allow students to apply capital budgeting techniques in the project evaluation process
Module philosophy The module draws on student prior learning and work experience and combines insights from strategy, international trade and investment theory, human resource management and other areas.The assessment tasks for this module have been designed with this in mind as detailed later in the study guide.
Programme GoalsProgramme GoalsSpecify the overall programme goal and insert a one-line description of each goal.Programme Learning OutcomesSpecify the learning outcomes associated with each programme goal.   On successful completion of the programme students should be able to:FIN2002S (Sg)Principles of Finance   Module Components
   1)         Programme Goal 1:Informed Thinkers: Our graduates will be knowledgeable on management theory and will be able to apply this theory to business problems (Knowledge).    Programme Learning Outcome 1a:Explain current theoretical underpinnings of business and the management of organisations. X(Exam question,Individual Assessment)Programme Learning Outcome 1b:Apply appropriate methods, tools and techniques for identifying, analysing and resolving business problems within functional and across functional business areas.X(Exam question,Individual Assessment,Group Assessment)2)         Programme Goal 2: Communication, Analytical and Critical Thinking Skills: Our graduates will have well developed skills of communication, analysis and critical thinking (Skills and Competencies).   Programme Learning Outcome 2aPrepare a short business presentation (written and/or oral) on a current business issue.   Programme Learning Outcome 2b: Analyse specific business case studies or problems and formulate a report detailing the issues and recommended actions.X(Individual Assessment)Programme Learning Outcome 2c:Conduct secondary research on management-related issues and report on the findings and draw appropriate conclusions.    3)Programme Goal 3:Personal and Professional Development: Our graduates will demonstrate a commitment to personal and professional excellence and development (Skills, Competencies and Attitudes).Programme Learning Outcome 3a:Develop collaborative learning and team-work skills by engaging in module-related team activities.X(Group Assessment)Programme Learning Outcome 3b:Demonstrate capacity for problem solving collaboratively and individually.X(Individual Assessment, Group Assessment)4)         Programme Goal 4: Ethical Awareness:    Our graduates will demonstrate an awareness of ethical issues in business and their impact on society (Attitudes).Programme Learning Outcome 4a:Demonstrate an awareness of ethical values and business issues concerning the advancement of the broader societal ‘good’.X(Individual Assessment)Programme Learning Outcome 4b: Illustrate an understanding of how business decisions might influence society and the wider community at large.X(Individual Assessment)
   

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
